-- Ookami --
-- FAQ/Walkthrough --
-- By Ken "Kouli/Ice" Zhao (kenzhao99@yahoo.com) --
-- Version 1.0 --

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<Beforehand Words>

The game is made by Clover Studio & published by Capcom. As for this FAQ, it is
based on the Japanese version of "Ookami" that is released on April 20, 2006.
This document can contain spoilers, BTW.

If you are wondering, the title means "Great God/Deity". It's a pun since the
term "Ookami" in Japanese means Wolf. Wolf is written with 1 kanji, the title
of this game is written with 2 kanji, Oo(Great/Big) kanji & the Kami(God/Deity)
kanji. Also, the full name of the protagonist of the game/Amaterasu is known as
Amaterasu No Oo Mi Kami.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<Update Logs>

\April 21~23, 2006/
- Version 0.1, at the end of Tsutamaki Ruins

\April 24, 2006/
- Version 0.2, done Takamiyadaira

\April 25~26, 2006/
- Version 0.3, before Kazejin Palace

\April 26~28, 2006/
- Version 0.4, just got to Ryoushima Plain

\April 28~29, 2006/
- Version 0.5, just got to Seiankyou

\April 30, 2006/
- Version 0.6, just got to Northern Ryoushima Plain

\May 07, 2006/
- Version 0.7, took a break and back, just got to Dragon Palace

\May 08, 2006/
- Version 0.8, got to Oni Island

\May 11, 2006/
- Version 0.9, got to Kamui

\May 12~14, 2006/
- Version 1.0, done the walkthrough

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Walkthrough--------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Kamiki Village
Once you gain control of Amaterasu, head into the light since you can't go to
the south to the village.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Heavenly Stream
Go up to the Monozane Mirror. This is what you use to save your game. Pass the
bridge, destroy the jars with Square. At the end, use X to jump and press X at
the wall to jump again. Once you are up there, there is a box near, Square it
to get the Divine Zenith. Get near the broken bridge then cross after. Go east
up the hill and drawing time! Press and hold down R1, use Square to make five
dots at the five spots. After, back track and time to go north. There is water
between, but nothing hard. Draw a straight line to the other end. At the other
end, Square that box for the Odd Bag. After, go in the light.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Izanagi Cavern
Just continue on up, pretty straight forward. Around the middle of the Map, by
the bridge and the waterfall, check the east/nearby for a rock. Just jump over
the water and you will see a box behind the rock. This is a Lost Jewel, there
are 99 of them in the game. Anyway, get near the statue at the end. It's time
to draw again. The sword is broken, so just complete it with a straight line
to north. Next, like before, make six dots on the six spots. More, a rock but
you can cut it in half but drawing a horizontal line. After, follow that arrow
to go back. Horizontal line again to cut the fence. Continue on and it's
fighting time. You can use Square to attack. If they are down, you can draw a
horizontal line over them. Back track to the Heavenly Stream then back to the
Kamiki Village.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Kamiki Village
See that peach hanging onto the tree? Get in place so you would have the peach
in sight. Horizontal line the peach to get it down. Now you can go back to the
village. The east path on the Map(hold down L2) leads to an altar & take that
south path to move on. Check out the houses if you want, explore around and go
check out few statues/villagers. Eventually, you will get an arrow which leads
to that altar above. Drawing time again, we need a sun so make a circle. After,
another quick battle. Near box is the Bait Bag(Bean). Afterward, back track. If
you talk to that Mendicant Zen Priest on the way, you can fight enemies to get
Coins. For beating the time limit, you can get Sachidama/Fortune Jade. Keep in
mind that Sachidama is used to strengthen the Sun Vessel, Ink Gourd, Odd Bag &
the Wallet. Enemies can also drop Demon Fang and I'll get to the usage of that
later. BTW, keep pressing Circle/with some timing at the "Loading Screen" can
also get you Demon Fang.

-----------

~Sub Events
Back in the village, there are various things you can do. Start up with that
Mushikai's Mother. Dig up 9 radishes without getting hit, then dig up that 10th
one. Triangle it to take it, then head to Mushikai that's running around at the
nearby.

Speak with Granny Mikan by the river. There are 2 poles near, make a horizontal
line to make a stick so she can dry the clothes there. To make the clothes dry,
draw another sun at the sky. Get to her house at night time to wrap this up. Go
draw a sun at the sky if you want the night over instantly.

By the Bar, there is Kushinada and you can check the house nearby as well. In
front of the Bar, horizontal line that watermelon. Within the Bar, you can also
go cut down the screen. Check out the other houses for anything that you can
break down. Within Mikan's House, there is also another screen you can cut down
for more items. On top of Mikan's House, cut down that big mandarin.

Pass the bridge, there is a Monozane Mirror/Save Point. At the other side, one
more house and further behind that house, a rock in the water with a box on the
top. You get this box later.

For the windmill near Kushinada, draw and complete the broken windmill. Go in
that house after, to speak with Kushinada. You will get a wine. This will come
in handy later.

There are 2 light circles in this area. Have it at night first, check out that
radish field for the first one. The second one is near where the Priest is. You
can dig at the light circles and get boxes.

For the altar platform, check the beginning & you should see 2 boxes just under
which look pretty hard to jump to. Don't bother jumping, get to the below, so
you should be near the Priest. Look up and cut the boxes, hopefully those items
drop down to you with some luck.

Just a bit east of Granny Mikan, so it's the water near the bridge. Look into
the water and you should see 2 boxes. Like above, cut the boxes open then those
items will float up.

Between the windmill and the waterfall, look into the water for more object and
a box. Like above, cut them then the items will float up.

South of Granny Mikan, check the surface of that mountain path. You can double
jump to get up there. Square it for the Hama Talisman.

-----------

Anyway, once you are ready, go north to speak with the Merchant then another
fight. Now get to the near house. Few objects to break & the right object will
reveal the ladder to go down to Susanoo. Speak with him few times. Square him
to wake him up. When Susanoo is riding on Amaterasu, head back to that Merchant
then go get the wine from Kushinada. Just behind Susanoo's house, talk to that
Susanoo and you will hand over the wine/Superb View God.

Once you are ready, speak with Susanoo and time to start the training. Just as
Susanoo about to cut down each thing, draw a horizontal line to cut that thing
down. So, little timing is needed. After that, he will go for the big rock that
is blocking the exit of the town. Likewise, horizontal line to cut it down. Now
the Merchant will also reopen his Shop. Go on to north to advance the game.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Shinshuu Plain
Pretty straight forward here, just continue along the path. If you touch any of
the Hyakki Scroll, you will get into a battle. Go on to the valley.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Hanasaki Valley
Save your game. Go on to Square a box to get the Journey Charm. Further, more
enemies to fight. Go on a bit for some tree enemies. Cut the balls they throw &
go cut the trees down after. Eventually, you will battle the Yellow Amanojaku.
Not hard, just besure to jump to avoid the drum wave. After, at the picture on
the wall, draw a sun. Next up, go on and don't bother with the sprout yet. To
the west of the Map by cutting down the fence. Draw and cut down objects for
Susanoo again. With the bear's ball, push it and to the room with the sprout.
There is a spot with some water, push the ball there. After that, draw a sun at
the sky. Next up, same old drawing dots at spots. Lastly, circle the tree. Now,
go back for one more fight.

-----------

~Sub Events
After the valley turns back to normal, back track and you will get into another
fight by the picture wall. After that, few boar will show up and you will feed
them some bait if you wish.

As for those tree enemies, stun them as usual then circle them to purify them.
Nearby, there is some grass plot, circle it as well. You will get the Scroll,
Cherry Blossom's Essential Point.

Also, on the way, you can circle any dead tree you see. And by the fest, defeat
those enemies again. This will have a box showing up. Square it for the Scroll,
Digging's Essential Point.

Once you do revive all the tree enemies and dead trees, a box shows up near the
picture wall. Square it for the Sun Fragment.

There are 3 light circles in this place: east of the Monozane Mirror, west of
the fest after you beat the enemies, just by a box and the last one is to the
west after you cross the first bridge. You will need to wall jump. And remember
that you are to dig within these circles till you get the sprout out.

At night time, after the bonfire/fest & just after the tunnel, there's 1 light
circle by a tree. Dig up the box and open it.

-----------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Shinshuu Plain
Come back here and go to that tree. Circle it. Square the box for the Scroll,
Escape From Battle. Anyway, you are freely to explore this area. There is some
Antique Merchant around. As you can see on the Map, few places to check out:

At E, you will fight the Corpse Goldfish on the way. Before the house, there is
a box. Square it for the Scroll, Orochi Legend. Now, you can only enter through
at night time. Keep talking to Tamaya within. He will throw the materials and
you will need to draw a circle, as well as the fuse. Next, same old dots on the
spots. For the cracked wall, remember a bomb is circle+fuse/line. Square that
box within for one of the Zodiac Ornament.

At SW, there is a Doujou. Speak with Kodzuka Onigirisai within. You can pay to
learn various things: Body Transfer, Shikou/Four Sparkle and Impolite.

At SE, there is the Izayoi Temple. Speak with Mikadzuki few times and you will
get the Demon Search Book. Exit out and another battle. Once you beat it, cross
out the name of that monster. If you take the path near the Temple, it leads to
the entrance of the Izayoi Shrine. But, it's blocked right now.

At S, there is a cracked spot on the floor. Bomb it to reveal a box. Square the
box for Sango's Shard.

-----------

~Sub Events
At S, there is a box. Square it for the Scroll, Secret Of Feeding. At around
the north, you can see Idaten. Give him a Journey Charm. Nearby, there is also
a cracked wall. Bomb it to get the Hama Talisman.

As you can see at this area, there are various Rajou Gate around. Go through
them to get into battles. Clear each will bring out some bunny. If you go clear
them all, a box will show up. Square it to get the Revenge Talisman.

You can also check out the Nameless Man's House, cut down that firewood within
the house. For another box/Journey Charm, it's just behind the tree.

As for the light circles, there are 8: South of the tree and Monozane Mirror,
but it doesn't look like you can dig it yet. The 2nd one is around the middle
of the plain. For the third and fourth ones, both are at near NW of the tree &
the Antique Merchant. But one is easier to see at night time. As for the fifth
one, it's near the Izayoi Temple, at one beach side of the ramp. It's easier to
spot it in night time as well. As for the 6th and 7th one, they're near by the
house of Tamaya. Both are easier to see at night time. The one near the house,
you can't get it yet. The other one is at the near pier. As for the 8th one, it
is near the 2nd light circle, during night time as well. Remember, dig at these
light circles and if you see any sprout, circle it.

There are few more monsters in the Demon Search Book you could kill. Just touch
those Hyakki Scroll on the field and you might fight the right enemies. Cross
their names once you kill them. For me, most of them appear in night time. Once
you got them all, go to talk to Mikadzuki to get the Gold Polishing Powder. It
is used to power up your Divine Weapon, such as the Mahutsu Mirror.

Few more Lost Jewels. Near the entrance to the valley, behind the stove for the
woods. It's by the corner and you should see it during night time. Next, get to
the back of the Doujou(outside, not inside). You would see it during night time
as well.

That's about it, there are some dead trees and grass plots, so besure to circle
those.

-----------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Kamiki Village
Come back here once you are ready to move on. Head to the altar to speak with
Oldman Mikan. Now, go circle all the dead tress. The Priest near the Mirror can
also tell you how many you have left. Go back to Oldman Mikan. You gonna play
the True Kagura along with him. Just quickly circle all the cherries. Next up,
same old dots at spots. Draw a circle on the water to make a lotus. Jump to the
rock and Square that box for the Sun Fragment. You should be able to see 1 more
rock nearby. Make your way there and if you can't jump on, just go around since
some side is lower. At night time, you should be able to see 3 light circles.
Dig them for 2 boxes and 1 sprout. Open the boxes and circle the sprout.

Before you go back to the plain, just one more thing. Go north toward the tree.
If you go there through the gate/door, you will see Sakuya. If you just go here
from the left or right of the gate/door, you will see Sazanka and Tsubaki like
usual. Just above Sazanka and Tsubaki, there should be a peach. Cut it down to
get the Ox Horn Decoration. Come back here another time to get another peach.
Just besure to visit here from time to time for a peach.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Shinshuu Plain
Go to the southern area. To across the water, keep making lotus one after one,
then at the end, bomb the cracked wall.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Agata Forest
Go on, down the stairs then to the cave. It leads to a Mirror and a house. Save
your game and enter the house. Check that box. Talk with Granny Bokusen. Do pay
500 Coins and get the Appraisal Report. Now, out the cave. By the stairs, see
those torches? Walk along that edge. It leads to another cave. Go on and bomb
the cracked wall at the end. Circle the tree to revive it. Square the item near
for the Tarutama/Leg Jade. Since you already have the Mahutsu Mirror equipped
as the Front, you might just wanna equip the new Tarutama as the Back. Exit out
and time for a boss fight.

Boss: Ushiwaka
Equip the Tarutama as the Front. You can then use the Back as a Shield if you
press Triangle. Square with it is long range whip attack so avoid being close
to that Ushiwaka. Abuse the Shield as much as you wish, then attack when he's
open.

After, speak with Kariudo which is around the south of the cave to Bokusen. A
Merchant is also near. You can buy couple Gold Polishing Powder from him. Keep
in mind that you use Gold Polishing Powder to power up your Divine Weapon, such
as the Mahutsu Mirror and the Tarutama you have right now.

About east of Kariudo, there is Kokari that's fishing. Keep talking then Square
to hit him. Connect the rod and the fish, then use the Left Stick to pull. Just
watch out for the mood bar. When you see a Button, press that Button, then draw
and cut the fish. Eventually, there should be only 1 big fish, that's the Great
Salmon you need. The fish got the Key Of The Ruins.

With the Key, head to the SE gate. Don't forget the near box for the Scroll,
Strengthen Of Divine Weapon. You can also find Susanoo around. Anyway, you may
head in now or after doing the followings:

-----------

~Sub Events
First light circle is by the tree, dig it and circle the sprout. For the second
one, take the ramp near the Merchant, and you will be by a pond. The 2nd light
circle is nearby a big tree log. But, you can't dig it right now. For the third
one, take the near path from the second light circle, it leads to the Shinshuu
Plain. Again, you can't dig this one as well. The 4th one, from the entrance,
go on the road and you will see it by the corner in night time. The 5th one, at
the stairs just by the cave to Bokusen, night time as well. The 6th one, just
about east of the 5th one, by a tree on the water, night time as well. For the
7th one, it's by the entrance to the high area of Shinshuu Plain, night time as
well. For the 8th one, just near the house of Bokusen. For the 9h one, just by
the entrance of the ruins, night time as well. For the 10th one, the mountain
path near the entrance of the ruins, just by a cracked wall.

Near the entrance of the cave to Bokusen, there is a peach. Circle it and get
the Journey Charm. There're five more, also near a cave, the one that leads to
the tree previously. Near Kariudo, there is another one. Near Kokari and the
tent, there are two more.

At SE, there is a cracked wall by the mountain path. Jump up and bomb it. Also
there is some grass plot around the tent, circle it as well.

As you might notice, there is a bear/Nemuri at the entrance of this place. Not
too far on the road, there is cabbage/ball. Push it up toward him. Move around
this forest to find another ball. Push it up to him as well. Now, among those
trees on the water, one of them got a bee nest. Cut it down and push it toward
the bear. At the end, the bear won't be sleeping but dancing around.

Take the ramp near the Merchant, to a pond and a hollow tree log. Go into the
log and spot some grass plot. Circle it to reveal a peach then circle the peach
for an item.

Since you have a Magatama(Tarutama for example), back to Kodzuka Onigirisai in
the Doujou in the Shinshuu Plain to learn Gekitama/Circular Soul. You will need
to equip the Tarutama as the Front.

Go toward the SW to spot the Fang Merchant, Kibame. You can exchange Demon Fang
with him. The near box is the Scroll, Essential Point Of Battle. Anyway, Kibame
offers these Divine Accessories:

~Exorcist's Bell, 20 Demon Fangs
 - On-Screen enemy, Hyakki Scroll, won't chase you

~Kamiki Pillow, 30 Demon Fangs
 - Have Amaterasu to sleep/don't move, then the Divine Vessel/Vitality will be
   recovered gradually but in exchange of some Coins you have

~Gold Beckoning Cat, 50 Demon Fangs
 - Draws drops(money, items, but not stuff in boxes) to Amaterasu

For a Lost Jewel, check the back of the tent(outside, not inside) during night
time.

Next, as you can see, there are Rajou Gates here, might as well get rid them
all. And at SW, before the stream, one more light circle but you can't get to
it.

-----------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Tsutamaki Ruins
Within, a peach and box near, as well as a Monozane Mirror. Left and right lead
to more peaches and tree enemies. Remember that you can circle the tree enemies
when they are stun. The right also got a box and an automatic stone door. Just
beyond the automatic stone door, more tree enemies. Since the water is normal
here, you can make lotus to get to that rock for the light circle. Pass another
door and circle the peach on the way. Wall jump to get up. Your goal is way up
there to the left. But, if you turn around, you can actually jump & get across
to a light circle at the end. Dig and circle the sprout.

Anyway, make your way up and there is another peach. Ignore the rock and move
on to fight the Hoozuki/Oni Light. When it throws the balls at you, cut those
balls to stun him. Now, circle the flower that's on its back, then you can go
attack. After, go back and get that rock/sphere to the hole with the switch. Go
through the door after. There are 2 more Hoozuki for you to kill.

The fence leads to a peach and to make the mushrooms grow, just draw a sun at
the sky. Jump up and move on. Bomb the cracked wall. Go on through another door
and one more after. Move on a bit and the road will collapse, just hurry up and
jump. Go through another door at the end. Forget that Demon Lock, just go jump
down. By the door, Square it and draw the dots at the spots. Pick up that Arrow
then go back up. While going up, around few areas before the top, you can bomb
the 'door-like' wall for a hidden path. Circle that peach for a Lost Jewel.

Toward and pass that Demon Lock. Just pass the door, look up to the right. You
can jump up there for a box. Anyway, go on and circle that peach on the way. By
the broken bridge, draw a bridge. Beyond, another door and a Mirror for you to
save your game. Behind the Mirror, jump up and there is a light circle for you
to dig at the end. Beyond the door, 3 Rajou Gates and 2 peaches. Clear out all
the Rajou Gates to get the mushrooms show up. Draw another sun. Jump up and go
destroy all the jars. Near box is the Map Of The Ruins.

Go back down and as you can see, you can enter the waterfall. Break the jars
then bomb the wall for a hidden room. Circle the peach for a lost Jewel. Back
to the Mirror. Take the path behind the Mirror then jump all the way down. Back
to the start. Head into the light. Circle all the grass plots. Next, more dots
on spots again. To get up to the bud, draw some curve line like what you did
for fishing. Repeat all the way to the top. Pass through the door.

Anyway, make your way to the top by linking Amaterasu with buds. At the top, go
connect the 4 buds around with the 4 hook-like objects. Jump in and save your
game. Go on and 2 more boxes before the last door. Once you are ready, head in
the door for a boss fight.

Boss: Yellow Spider
Focus on avoiding her attacks first. There are buds around, connect at least 2
of them to her tail. This will have her expose the eye balls. Now, it's time to
go attack. Try bombing her or equip the Tarutama as the Front, so you can use
the whip. Besure to move away before she closes up. The rest is pretty much the
same. It just takes a while though.

For beating her, you get the Shinjuu/Divine Beast Mirror. You have a choice to
save your game after. If you got any Gold Polishing Powder, you can go power up
that Shinjuu Mirror.

Head to the SW of the Map to find Kokari and Umetarou. Now, the wooden log will
be going down the river and there are 6 hooks. Pay attention to the sides of
the roads for buds. Press R1 quickly and connect the bud and the hook. Connect
all 6 hooks and you will be saved. You can now cross the river and there is a
box after. It's the Scroll, Essential Point Of Stroke Dot. Beyond leads to the
Takamiyadaira. Don't go there yet since there are stuff you can do:

-----------

~Sub Events
In Tsutamaki Ruins, just near the light, there is another light circle. Not
too far from the light, there is a small waterfall. Nearby, there is one area
where you could try to jump up to a light circle. Jump up then wall jump and go
quickly press Square. Also not too far from the light, there is a tree and one
more light circle by it. Further, take the east door & move on to the previous
area with the ball and switch. Look up and locate a bud. Ivy up and lead you to
a light circle, as well as a peach.

In Agata Forest, couple buds in the air among the trees on water. You can Ivy
your way up to get items. Take the ramp near the Merchant. By the pond and the
big tree log, look up for a bud. Ivy up and cut the box that's in water.

In Kamiki Village, couples buds high in air by the waterfall. Icy your way to
get a box and a light circle.

-----------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Takamiyadaira
There is a Merchant and a Mirror on the way. Save your game. Go along the road
and bomb the rocks. Go on for a boss fight.

Boss: Ushiwaka
Similar tactics from before work here. If you want to be cheap, keep running
around and bomb him.

Continue on up and go along the path. Few dead trees on the way and a broken
bridge at the end. Draw a bridge and circle the tree afterward. Takamiyadaira
will be back to normal. There are 3 places you can head to: the Sasabe Village
which is through the middle/north gate, the Station that's at the west and the
Kusanagi Village at the south. As usual, there are things you can do before you
move on:

-----------

~Sub Events
In Takamiyadaira, west of the Mirror, talk to a mole to play the Whack A Mole
game. Square to hit him few times then pick up that item. Take that to the Tea
Shop Owner that's at the entrance of Takamiyadaira. You will obtain the Golden
Mushroom. Near the Tea Shop, during night time, there is a light circle.

Near the place with the moles, there is a house. Look at the top of that house
for a bud. Ivy up and square that box. You can also jump up to the second level
of the house and might as well go in to check the first level.

There are Rajou Gates around, clear them all if you wish. One of them will have
the water back. Also, there are dead trees around, cure them.

Around where you met Ushiwaka, near the water ponds, there is a light circle. A
nearby pond also got bubbles coming up, cut there to get a Lost Jewel. By that
Granny's House, near the pond, a light circle during night time. Near a spring
at middle part of the map, between 2 rocks, a light circle at night time. At
the west part of the map, before the Station, a light circle at night time as
well.

The plain area after where you fought with Ushiwaka, which is the area with the
tree, look up for buds. Ivy around for 3 light circles and 1 box.

Around the pond at the middle of the map, look at those pillars. Look up and
you will find few buds. You can Ivy up there. There is a box on top of one of
the pillars.

-----------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~The Station
A Mirror nearby, a Merchant, dead tree and you can also speak with Yoichi. Head
down the stairs and a Scroll, Motherly Great Tree, just around the corner. Head
down further, pass the waterfall and there is a light circle at the end. Around
this light circle, there is another light circle during night time. Around that
waterfall and the box with fire around, another light circle during night time
as well. 1 more light circle, behind the Merchant during night time. That's it
for now.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Sasabe Village
Go up and you can't get through yet. There is a Mirror near. Near the Mirror,
jump up the rocks to a light circle. One more thing is during night time, near
the door and the Mirror, there is another light circle.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Kusanagi Village
Beware that your Ink Gourd is decreasing as time goes. There is a Mirror near
and a Merchant. You can buy the Okitsu Mirror, Pinwheel & 2 more Gold Polishing
Powder. Besure to power up the Okitsu Mirror. Anyway, there isn't much you can
do here since you can't draw. Go on and you can find that Susanoo. There is a
light circle behind the fence near him. Take the path near him. Jump up that
ladder to find another light circle, a cracked wall and the Priest. Further on
that path leads to Oldman Taketori.

Now, go save your game and time to speed through the village. You'll find Fuse
on the way. After speaking with her, you will get into a battle. After that, do
notice that your Ink Gourd won't decrease and you can draw again. Anyway, get a
move on and another light circle on the way, before the Kazejin Palace. But as
usual, there are things you can do before moving on:

-----------

~Sub Events
The Pinwheel from the Merchant of Kusanagi Village, you can hand it over to the
customer by the Tea Shop in Takamiyadaira.

Keep in mind that you should check out anything you didn't do previously due to
the fact that you can't draw. There is a grass plot, the light circle near that
Susanoo, a cracked wall and a light circle near the Priest. Lastly, another one
light circle near the entrance to the Kazejin Palace & 1 more just a bit before
during night time, as well as another one near the small bridge by the Shrine,
night time as well.

Within Oldman Taketori's House, dig around the stove for a box that contains a
Lost Jewel. Look around the above of Susanoo, there is a bud that you can Ivy
yourself up. It leads to a box and a tunnel.

Before the path to Princess Fuse, take the other path and Ivy up few buds. It
leads to another one of those Q&A stone wall. Square it and make the dots. Get
to the end for 2 light circles and a box.

Besure to beat the Priest's time to get more Sachidama/Fortune Jade. Go on and
keep talking to that Princess Fuse for the Seal Cage. This is used to locate 8
dogs.

Behind the cracked wall is 1 dog, healing the grass plot is 1 more, if you go
cut the light bamboo by Oldman Taketori's House, that's another. The 4th one is
at the end of the tunnel which is located after you Ivy yourself up with that
bud above Susanoo. Feed each one with Meat. Once you got those 4, back toward
Fuse to fight the 5th dog.

At where Fuse is, there are 2 ponds, check both of them since they got boxes in
the water. Cut the boxes for the items to float up.

On the 2nd floor of the Inn, speak with Haruka. You will get Blood Seal Sheet
Of Vengeance. This is for hunting down monsters like before. On the first floor
of the Inn, there is a daruma doll, dot its right eye for a Hama Talisman. For
hunting down the monsters that Haruka wants, back to Takamiyadaira. I hunted
all of them during night time. Once you got all, back to Haruka for another one
of those Gold Polishing Powder.

Now, there are 3 more dogs, let's find them. First, to the Sasabe Village.

~Sasabe Village
You still won't be able to enter yet. Back to Takamiyadaira, toward that house
of Oldman Tongue-Cutter. Don't enter yet, jump up to the second level from one
side. Bomb that opening then enter at night time. Talk to Granny Tongue-Cutter
then drag her using Triangle, to under the sunlight(under where you bomb the
ceiling). You will end up fighting 2 Crow Tengu. Cut them so they can't fly and
finish them off. With ChunJack, back to the Sasabe Village. Now you can enter.

Within, go up stairs and take the lift. Open all those boxes and toward that
Leader. Go explore around. In the same building, you can find the Priest in one
room and a Merchant in another room. Within the room with the Merchant, dot the
right eye of the daruma doll. Down to the first floor and take the other path
to go outside. Speak with the Hotspring Guard & Taketori from Kusanagi Village
will show up. You can play the digging MiniGame. Pretty straight forward, just
follow the hints the game gives out, and bomb your way to the end. Taketori'll
stand on top of the water source, then you can dig there to end it. As usual,
go dot the spots in the sky. Now you can put out fires, so connect the water to
that owl. For that pond, see where the water coming up, just draw a straight
line up/north. Once you are up there, dig that light circle.

Jump down and speak with Taketori. To open that gate, connect the water to the
big bamboo near. Take that path and on the way, speak with Taijan. That Seal
Cage will appear and continue on for bamboo with light in them. Quickly cut the
bamboo with the light to get the 6th dog. Defeat it & you will get the Gigyoku/
Justice Jade. Remember to feed it with Meat.

After, get back to Taketori to get the Merman's Old Coins. You can also buy it
from any Merchant now. This works like instant transmission. By the pond with
a light whirl, you can use the Old Coins to transfer to another place with the
light whirl as well. Before anything, check out the area near the hotspring at
night time. There is a light circle near. At where you found the dog, there are
2 more light circles at night time as well. Lastly, on the way to the dog, one
more light circle as well.

Since you can put out Fire now, time to check out few boxes in places:
- In the Station, just after that waterfall
- In Takamiyadaira, the path to the tree previously
- In Agata Forest, the cave to Bokusen

~Agata Forest
Go to talk to Kokari. Take the ramp near the Merchant to meet with Kushinada.
Connect the water to her wine bottle. Repeat till the bottle is full. Susanoo
will come and quickly cut down all the enemies for him. The Seal Cage will show
up and time for the 7th dog. Get back to Kokari for more fishing. Keep fishing
till you get the Jouzu. As usual, dot the spots in the sky. After, draw a new/
half moon in the sky. Defeat the dog and besure to feed it with Meat.

Keep in mind that you can draw a new/half moon in the sky to make it night time
instantly. No need to wait anymore. Time for the 8th and last dog.

~Kamiki Village
Before this, you should have done the radish-digging quest since you can do it
since early stage of the game. If not, during day time, near Mushikai's Mother,
dig up 9 radishes without getting hit, then dig up that 10th one. Triangle it &
take it to Mushikai and his dog that are running around nearby.

At night, toward that Mushikai's Dog. Feed it with Meat then talk to it. Defeat
it and back to Princess Fuse in Kusanagi Village. She's within the Shrine now.

-----------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Kazejin Palace
There is Susanoo on the way. Go north to speak with Yatsufusa. With the Eight
Jades Of The Satomi Family(for finding the 8 dogs above), you will be able to
go in.

Within, you will come to an area with a pond. Look into the water for 3 boxes.
Take one of the paths here to a Rajou Gate. Go through it for a fight. Just go
stun the enemy and bomb it few times. Do pick up the Hama Arrow with Triangle
and back track to take the other path. Go on and unlock that Demon Lock near a
Mirror.

At the lift, create a bomb at the middle to get you to Floor 2. Defeat an enemy
on Floor 2, get the Arrow then back down to the lift. Create 1 bomb then 1 more
& you'll be at Floor 3. Through the Demon Lock with the Arrow. Go on up to the
end. Time to draw: Just repeat the same drawing on the screen, starting from
the right. Next, same, from the outside to the inside. Lastly, from the left to
the right and at the end, same old dots in spots at the sky. Afterward, 1 more
and just repeat what you did earlier with the evil spirit. The game will hint
you if you got it wrong. After, go back track few steps and just before those
stairs, you should see a box at the other side of the atic. Get it for another
Sun Fragment.

Back track and keep in mind that the Wind can also blow away the fire. The box
contains the Map Of Kazejin Palace. At Floor 2, there is another box with the
Lost Jewel. Down to Floor 1. There is also something UNDER the lift. To get to
there, stand at the edge of Floor 1, just before the lift. Create a bomb but
since you not on it, you will be able to get under. There are few boxes and few
light circles.

Floor 1, stand BEFORE the bridge area with those windmills, meaning you should
not be on the bridge. Create some Wind to blow from right to the left. Move on
and Square that box for the Scroll, Essential Point Of The Brush. Go on and
ignore the fallen pillar yet. Wind that fire box and Square that box. If you go
take that pillar up, it leads up to another box with fire. There're buds around
which you can take to get to boxes. Take the middle bud, to before the banners.
Wind the banners then you can jump on top of them. On the way, more boxes. At
the end, jump down to north and pass the door after you have saved your game at
near Mirror.

Wind away the fire then jump to move on. At the end, a boss fight.

Boss: Red Helmet
Keep bombing it till the armor is off. Use the Wind to blow away the fire then
you may attack. The powered up Okitsu Mirror is pretty strong as the Front. For
me, I almost killed it in one try.

After, assist that Susanoo to kill the enemies. At the end, Wind him few times
till he kills off the Red Helmet. You will get the Divine Weapon, Ikutama/Lift
Jade. Besure to power it up with Gold Polishing Powder. The game will prompt to
save the game. Do so.

To the Shinshuu Plain, toward and enter the Kamiki Village. Go toward Susanoo's
House. Go after Kushinada to the Shinshuu Plain. Toward her and she will be on
Amaterasu. With her, you're to head toward the Izayoi Shrine which is SE of the
Shinshuu Plain. BTW, you should check out the leaves by Tamaya and Onigirisai's
House. Wind away the leaves then dig.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Izayoi Shrine
Before the entrance, go up toward that Ushiwaka. Go on up the stairs then jump
down. Since you can't go through the door, turn around to the Limestone Cave.
Go on to get the Raigeki/Lightning Strike Wine. Near left, there is a box and
go on to find a Rajou Gate. A quick fight as you go through it. Just cut down
the heads then attack it. Get the Face Gauze after. Just draw a circle on it &
back to the Guards by the door. After, you may go through the door.

At the opposite side, there is an Amanojaku and a bell. Then at one side, there
is a path to the kitchen and one side got a Demon Lock. At the kitchen, there's
a Mirror if you need to save your game. If you connect the buds in the air with
the hooks, you can save the Master Chef Ajimi. Pick up the Arrow & head to the
Demon Lock at the other side. Here, link with a bud and when you about to fall,
quickly connect with the next one while you are in air. At the end, cut the eye
by the door. Go through the Rajou Gate and get the Hoozuki Liver.

Back track and on the way, at that pond, draw a straight line up to create the
geyser. Next, create another geyser to move up. Through the near path and by
the crystal, go back and the bridge will collapse. Through the Rajou Gate for a
pond appear. Connect the water to a near bamboo. Near that hole in the wall, go
create another geyser. Move on for more fight. Cut that eye and create another
geyser nearby. Get up and you will be back to the initial central area. Now, go
to the central platform. Cut down that enemy & repeat till you are at the end.
There is a path all the way down, so besure to jump on there. Now, hit all four
eyes together then go through that door. Check the central object and time for
another fight. After, same old dots on spots. Next, connect the fire to that
crystal to melt it. Moving on, don't take the platform yet. Melt that ice for a
cracked wall. Bomb it for a box. Talk to that Amanojaku by the platform & ride
it to go up. Go through the Rajou Gate and get the Hyoushinwa Priest's Lips. Go
burn the crystals here to get back to the kitchen.

Back to the central area, somewhat near the bell, there is a flower bud. Use it
to get back up. Ride the geyser near. Take the near path & back to that bridge
that collapsed earlier. Draw a bridge then melt the ice. Through the Rajou Gate
to get the Akemewa Priest's Eyeball. Melt the crystal & get the Arrow. Now, go
back track. If you jump down from the bridge, there is a box on top some rocks.
At the central area, there are a light circle and a box near that flower.

Use the flower to jump back up then take the geyser. Now, go along the path and
there is another Demon Lock. Through it and at the sand area, Square that round
rock to move on. Cut that eye and to view the invisible path, just create some
Wind. There is a light circle at a corner then the box with the Map. Square the
rock to the switch. Go on, melt the ice for a box and there is also a Merchant
near. Use the bud to get up. Move on and create some Wind at the banners. Cross
and there is a canon. Connect the fire to the fuse, but the canon must fire at
the other side. So, little timing is needed here.

After, go through that hole in the wall that the canon made. There is a fire
sphere on the way. Use the Wind to bring it down and move it to the end. Melt
the ice at the end for 2 boxes and a path. Take that path & go through a Rajou
Gate for the Black Amanojaku's Horn. That's it, you got all four materials. Get
back to Master Chef Ajimi.

Before moving on, let's get back to melting down some ice. At the central area,
there are 2 ice near the bell. One of the ice is a pond where you can make some
geyser to go up for a box. Use the flower to get up then take that geyser to go
up further. Take the near door to the bridge area. Beyond the bridge leads to 3
ice with 3 boxes and under the bridge leads to another box.

Now, once you are ready, back to the central area and hit the bell 8 times. Do
go save your game then back to the central area, speak with that Amanojaku to
go up. There is a Merchant if you need to Shop. Go on up for the boss fight.

Boss: Yamata No Orochi
Ease up, this is not the final fight nor you are at the end of the game. Start
by finding the 'Water' head. When it creates water, it will get its head into
the water. Get close and attack it.

After Susanoo shows up, the real fight starts. Pick about 3 heads to start this
and I prefer Fire, Poison and Wind. Start with Fire, Poison or Wind, up to you.
If they attack, cancel it by creating Wind. When they scream, connect the wine
in front to the mouth of that head. Repeat till you stun all 3. Now, you can go
climb up to that bell and attack it till you take it out. Once you take out the
bell, it's easier now since they are weaker. Now, stun each head and attack to
take each head out.

Afterward, draw a new/half moon in the sky and assist Susanoo to cut down those
heads. At the end, you will get the Divine Weapon, Tsumugari Long Sword. You'll
also be able to save your game when the game prompt you.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Kamiki Village
You will be back here. Don't forget to power up the Tsumugari Long Sword if you
got any Gold Polishing Powder. Speak with everyone. After, head up all the way
toward the tree. Through the gate and speak with Sakuya. Next, go back into the
Heavenly Stream then to the Izanagi Cavern. At the end, you will find Kushinada
and that Susanoo. Once you are done talking to everyone, exit out the village
and meet with Sakuya. Before you go to the Station, there are things you can go
check out:

-----------

~Sub Events
In the Shinshuu Plain, speak with the Nameless Man. Pick up the item and you're
to check out all those Guardian Deity/road statue. For the 1st one, just a bit
south of Nameless Man's House; Make it the night then the day, talk to Nameless
Man for another item. For the 2nd one, north part, beyond a cracked wall that's
near the cat statue. Make the night then the day, speak with Nameless Man again
for another item. For the 3rd one, it's around the Doujou. Repeat and for the
4th one, it's at one side of the beach near the Izayoi Temple. That is it for
now.

In Takamiyadaira, near the pond at the middle of the map. During night time, go
Wind the leaves to reveal the box. Next, hidden tunnel path to the tree, after
where you fought with Ushiwaka, Wind a fire box. Next, near the entrance to the
Station, there is Binko. Wind the leaves near him. Speak with him and time for
the Treasure Digging MiniGame. It's a bit tricky but still easy. You can get a
Sun Fragment at the end. Lastly, not too far from the pond at the middle of the
map, there are those 2 pillars. Ivy yourself up and Wind the banners. But, I do
not think you can't make it to the other side yet.

In Takamiyadaira, there are 3 piles of leaves at the tree area/the plain area
that's after where you fought with Ushiwaka. Two are around the field, and the
last one is by the tree. For 2 more piles of leaves, check the nearby of the
Mirror and the moles. Further, another pile behind the Tongue-Cutter Granny's
House. You can also create another geyser at the nearby pond that leads to one
more light circle. Lastly, near those pillars by the middle pond of the Map, 1
last pile of leaves.

In Kusanagi Village, the bud that leads to the banners. Wind the banners and go
across to boxes. One of the boxes is a Sun Fragment. Also, that well by the
entrance of the village, Wind that.

In Kazejin Palace, to the area with the pond, take the right path to find Fuse
and the 5 dogs. Nothing to do right now, we will come back later.

In the Shinshuu Plain, you can also speak with Idaten to race him. Chase after
him and Square him to win. At night, you can race him again. It's hard since he
will throw down traps. But, there is a trick. There is a small bridge just near
that Nameless Man's House. Go along with Idaten and when you are about to get
there, hurry up and pass Idaten. Wait at the other end of bridge, and when that
Idaten comes, Square him.

In Agata Forest, take the ramp near the Merchant to that pond. Around, there is
a pile of leaves. Wind it and dig. Next, the cave to Bokusen. Just outside that
house, there is a pond. Create a geyser to another box. Now, not too far along
the road from the entrance and the bear, there is another pile. Wind it and dig
for another box. Lastly, just pass the wooden log and before Takamiyadaira, one
more pile of leaves.

-----------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~The Station
Once you are ready, go west of Takamiyadaira. Within, speak with Yoichi if you
haven't done so yet. Now, as he shoots off his arrow, connect the fire to that
arrow. After, you can cross the bridge.

Beyond the bridge, 2 grass plots at each side. Circle them and each side will
reveal a light circle at night time.

One last thing before you move on, stand at the middle of the bridge. Look up
and you will see buds all around. You won't be able to stand on top of them, so
you will have to Ivy yourself through all of them without any stop. Ivy through
isn't much of a problem, but the Ink Gourd is. So, you should prepare some of
those Infinite Ink item. On the way, a box and at the end, another box which is
a Lost Jewel.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Ryoushima Plain
Go up and there is a Mirror to save your game. Go on and bomb the cracked wall
at the end. Connect the water from a pond to a dry pond. Repeat till you are up
to the end with the tree. Circle the tree after. The whole plain will be back
to normal.

There is a Doujou in this plain, it is at the western small island. Besure to
get at least the Divine Air which is double jump. Also, you should get the Hole
Digging Lord which allow you to dig paved and cracked ground.

When you can double jump, head to the platform not too far from the Mirror. Do
the double jump to get up there. Draw a new/half moon in the sky. You can head
into the ship but you can't do much right now. Once you are done, just draw a
sun in the sky to bring the water back.

Head toward the NW for a fight. If you go north, you will be in the Seiankyou
Commoners' Quarter. Of course, before that, few things to do:

-----------

~Sub Events
During day time, go to the top of the deck of the Shipwreck. There are 2 boxes
there. If you stand at that platform, draw a new/half moon in the sky, you can
get the water down again. Around the Shipwreck, there are 3 light circles.

Before the gate to Seiankyou, there is a Rajou Gate. Beat it and there will be
rabbits around. Look for a black&white one. Feed it grass and press Triangle to
take it. Go to that Animal Loving Man by the beach. You will get a Lost Jewel
at the end.

At night time, outside the Doujou, there is a light circle at that paved ground
which you will need the Hole Digging Lord skill. Nearby platform got a box and
another box by the shore.

On the way to the mother tree from before, just before that cave, there is one
cracked ground nearby. With the Hole Digging Lord skill, dig through and fight
some similar spider boss. You can get a Sun Fragment at the end. Next, go back
down & keep fighting Rajou Gates. After doing about 10 of them consecutively,
you will get the box with a Lost Jewel. But, this is pretty hard if you don't
have enough healing items.

Also nearby the way to the mother tree, just before that cave and not too far
from the cracked ground, there is a cave which leads back to Bokusen's House in
the Agata Forest.

In the Ankoku Temple, there is a box. At the western pier, there is another box
to be opened. Next, before the gate to Seiankyou, there is another box. Lastly,
look into the water by the beach or the edges of the islands. You will at least
find 8 clams. Cut them and the items will float up.

Nearby the Mirror, there is a waterfall and a small island with a big pillar &
a statue. There is a light circle nearby. By the platform, there is one light
circle. Near the path to Bokusen's House, there is another one. Behind Ankoku
Temple, there is another light circle at night time. By the stairs to the pier,
there is another one at night time. If you check the other side of the pier, at
that little corner, there is another light circle. Just after the gate and just
before Seiankyou, there are 2 more light circles nearby. At around where that
Rajou Gate and the black&white rabbit, there is another light circle during the
night time.

Near the beach, there is a Merchant and not too far away, there are grass plots
and besure to circle them. If you take the other path from the gate, it leads
to another Rajou Gate. Defeat it and that will reveal the transportation pond.

Now that you have the Divine Air and Hole Digging Lord skills, there are few
things you can check out in other places:
- In Shinshuu Plain, light circle at the paved ground not far from the Mirror
- In Agata Forest, take the ramp near the Merchant. There is a light circle at
  the paved ground near the tree log. Nearby, take that path to get back to the
  Shinshuu Plain. There is a light circle at the paved ground; Just before the
  Tsutamaki Ruins, light circle at the paved ground
- In Takamiyadaira, a cracked ground near the entrance to the Station. Under
  there, there are dead trees, light circles and boxes; Remember those banners
  near the pond at the middle of the Map? Now with double jump&square, you can
  make it across to that box

Back to Ryoushima Plain, see those islands far away on the Map? Make it to the
SW one, there are 2 clams; To the south island, 3 more clams; For all the ones
at SE, there are 6 clams in total; The most SE big one, 3 more clams.

-----------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Seiankyou (Commoners' Quarter)
At the Item Shop, buy either the Yukimune or the Shibimaru FishRod. You might
as well buy both since you could use both of them. At the Weapon Shop, you can
buy the Nanatsusaya Sword, as well as two Gold Polishing Powder. Besure to go
power up the Nanatsusaya Sword.

Jump down to the lower level. Speak with Naguri and go around to get all those
boxes first. After, back to speak with Naguri few times. You will play the Hole
Digging MiniGame again. After, the water will come back. Before moving on to
the Nobles' Quarter, there are few things you can do:

-----------

~Sub Events
At SW, there is a box. Behind the eastern house, there is another box. Nearby
the gate to the Nobles' Quarter, one more box.

At around the middle, there is Hayate. At NE, there is Oldman Hanasaka. As for
the light circles, at night time, near the bridge. At east, behind some houses
and behind Oldman Hanasaka's House. At night time, to Oldman Hanasaka's House
and cut down the sliding door.

In Kamiki Village, head up to north of the Map to speak with those 2 sisters.
Square that Sazanka. If there is peach in the tree, besure to cut it down.

-----------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Seiankyou (Nobles' Quarter)
Go on and speak with Benkei. Hand over the Yukimune or the Shibimaru FishRod to
him. You can buy the FishRods at the Item Shop in Seiankyou Commoners' Quarter.

Keep finishing till you get the Long Sword Fish. After, the bridge will be back
to normal. Go on to speak with Ushiwaka. After, go in and speak with Tsudzurao.
Talk to her and hold down R1 to draw something, just to show her. Exit out at
the near exit.

Go to the eastern and before that Mansion, check the item at NE corner. Take it
and back to Tsudzurao. Keep talking to her for info and you are to go back to
the Ryoushima Plain. Before that, few things to do:

-----------

~Sub Events
Near Tsudzurao, there are 2 boxes. After the House with Tsudzurao, there is the
Priest. Beat his time to get a Lost Jewel. At night time, check around for one
light circle. Near the SE house, another light circle and also a box. Within
the SE house, there is another box. Behind the NW house, another light circle
at night time. Around the middle of the Map, yet another light circle at night
time. By the NE house, another light circle and a box. Within this house, one
more box.

-----------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Ryoushima Plain
During day time, double jump to that platform and draw a new/half moon. Go back
to the Shipwreck. Within, connect the charm that Tsudzurao has to that sealed
door. Save your game after.

For the spirits, connect Tsudzurao's charms to them. Jump down and there are
lots of boxes around. Some of them are enemies, so besure to cut the boxes open
instead of using Square. Go on with the side hallway, just look out for those
bamboo. Eventually, a quick fight. After, another sealed door.

Next, a light circle nearby, during night time. Draw a sun in the sky. Go back
track for another fight. Continue to back track and jump up to spot a canon. A
box is also nearby. Jump on to the canon. Now, there are 3 targets, you would
want to stand on the tail or the head of the canon to adjust which target you
want, then draw a bomb and insert it. The goal is only the lower one, but you
can bomb all 3 targets. You can't get the Arrow at the lower part yet and that
one at the upper part is a Sun Fragment.

Take the near path by the canon, on the way, look out for a box that contains a
Lost Jewel. After, another box. In the big area, beware of the hand from the
water. Cut the rope so the barrel would drop down. Push the barrel down & ride
it to the other end with the hooks. By the hooks, there is also a box. Now, go
take the path and move on, you will be back to the area where you drew the sun
previously. Draw a new/half moon in the sky.

Jump back up and head back to the area with the canon. Take the Arrow and there
is also a water pond here where you can draw a geyser. Anyway, with the Arrow,
go open that Demon Lock. Go on to the sealed door. Beyond, few boxes. Only the
ones that are darker color got stuff, the others are enemies. After, time to go
back out. You will be chased by the Water Dragon. Just flee and head back to
Seiankyou.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Seiankyou (Nobles' Quarter)
Tsudzurao is already back in the house. Anyway, go east to that Mansion. Head
toward that cracked corner.

Within the Mansion, connect Issun to that box. Go on and save your game. Go on
and 2 boxes on the way. Next, a quick fight. After, there are two places with
water, both got cracked wall. Both got boxes after and the higher one also got
the Arrow. To get to the higher one, you'll need to lure a person to attempt to
step on you, just around the Arrow. Before you get stepped on, move away fast
and you can now use that person's foot to get up to the Arrow.

Now, back track to meet Kaguya. After, back track and pass through that Demon
Lock. Bomb the cracked ground then go down. You can jump on the spiders here to
take you up. Near one leads to a light circle. Move on and if you decide to go
up, it leads to more light circles and a box after the spider net. Once you are
done, go down all the way and bomb that crack wall.

Cut the rope so the gourd will fall down. Get in the gourd. Position yourself
so that your left is the exit/small one. Wind from the right to the left then
you will be out. Make the dots at spots in the sky. Draw 2 lines on the spider
to test it out. Now, stay away from the spider then make the 2 lines, you can
quickly rush through.

Now, back to where you got the Arrow from before, the area with the people. It
is now possible to get pass the brooms with the new brush. Go on and a box on
the way. Now connect the water to the bamboo and make your way through. Use the
new brush if you need to. Once you are inside a room, use the spiders to get up
there. Explore one side to get boxes first, then move on toward those spiders
that move in high speed. Use the new brush to get across. On the way, another
box behind some web, then go on toward the poison mist. Jump down and go on to
save your game. Beyond is the boss fight.

Boss: The Plague
Slow him down with the new brush and attack. The sword will be deflected away
and then you can go attack the sword.

Afterward, you will get the Chigaeshi Jade. Next, you will be controlling that
Treasure Emperor. Head right toward the soldier. Continue on and you may save
your game at the end. With the Treasure Emperor, you can also trade in Demon
Fangs to get various stuff. If you got 80 Demon Fangs, get the Misty Pot Gourd
which is the Ougi of the Brush Misty Stealth, Mist Flying. At specific Mirror,
you can draw an 'X' to instantly teleport to another area. Anyway, got any Gold
Polishing Powder? Besure to power up the Divine Weapon, Chigaeshi Jade. There's
also a box nearby. Go south a bit for 3 light circles. Go right a bit for more
light circles. Remember, all in night time. Go south to exit out the Mansion.

As for the Divine Accessories that Treasure Emperor offers, here's the list and
excluding out the ones from Fang Merchant Kibame:

~Pickpocket Glove, 70 Demon Fangs
 - Steal item from an enemy, just draw and connect Issun to the enemy

~Fast Ink Gourd, 100 Demon Fangs
 - Faster recovery speed for the Ink Gourd

~Drainage Stone Tablet, 100 Demon Fangs (after beating 9-Tail)
 - Walk on water

Head up to Kaguya. Speak with her again and she will be off. Now, to get to the
northern mansion, head toward the guards and use the new brush/2 lines. After,
you can go pass them. Don't go in yet, instead, go around to the back for a box
with a Lost Jewel and a light circle. There is another light circle, it is at
around the SE.

Walk up a bit and don't enter the center house yet. Check the left and right
houses for boxes. One got a daruma doll, so dot the right eye. Check the back
of the center house for a box then enter the center house. Within, move around
the hallway to the back for a box with a Lost Jewel. Go in and take the lift to
get up. The problem is, you can't pass the magma here. So, no choice but to go
chase after Kaguya.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Sasabe Village
Go in the house and take the lift up. After, go north to the bamboo forest to
find Kaguya. Yet another Hole Digging MiniGame. You will get the Fire Avoiding
Stone Tablet. It's time go back to Seiankyou.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Seiankyou (Nobles' Quarter)
Equip the Divine Accessory, Fire Avoiding Stone Tablet. With that, you can go
pass the magma now. Meet with Himiko at the end and keep talking to her to get
the Key Of Kanmon Fortress. Before anything, there are lots of things you can
do:

-----------

~Sub Events
In the Ryoushima Plain, speak with Hayate and you can also race him. Same with
Idaten from before, chase after Hayate and Square him. You can race him during
day and night time.

In the Seiankyou Commoners' Quarter, to the west house. Speak with Hayaemon in
the house and draw on the clothes. Now, to the east of the Commoners' Quarter,
there is a girl drawing on the floor. Give her the Charcoal that you can buy
from the Shop. Now, her 'thought bubble' would hint out on what to draw inside
the clothing store/west house, if you talk to her. First thing is a heart, so
go back to the store and draw a heart. The trick is to draw from the lower left
to the lower right. Something like this:

----G---K----
---F-H-J-L---
--E---I---M--
---D-----N---
----C---O----
-----B-P-----
------A------

(Start from A to B to P and back to A)

If you got it right, she will reward you some Sachidama/Fortune Jade. As for
the next thing, a star. The trick of it is to draw it in one continuous stroke.
That is beyond easy and something you learned from kindergarten. As for the 3rd
thing, it is a 'V', that's V For Vendetta. For the 4th thing, four rings. Make
sure each 1 ring hooks with 2 other rings. Pretty easy & as for the 5th thing,
it is the 'Ama/Ten' kanji. For that, if you don't know kanji, then go get the
basic of the kanji from that girl's thought bubble. Start with the upper line
then the lower one. Make sure the upper one is longer. Next, make a left curve
stroke to the left then the right curve stroke to the right. At the end, you'll
get a Lost Jewel.

In the Seiankyou Commoners' Quarter, if you did the event with Sazanka and that
Tsubaki previously, then they will show up near the west house. You can speak
with them, then make a dot near them. This will create a tree. Anyway, you can
not do more at this point. We will get back to this later.

In the Seiankyou Nobles' Quarter, the early area with the bridge and the great
lake. To the east of the lake on the Map, there is a box in the water. Cut it
for that Lost Jewel to float up.

In the Seiankyou Nobles' Quarter, around the area with the Priest, check for a
box and 2 light circles at night; At NW, there is another light circle; Near a
west house, a light circle and a box, then another box within the house; Now at
the NE, a pond and a light circle near, as well as Benkei where you can play
the Fishing MiniGame; Lastly, look in the water in this Quarter, you can find
about 3 boxes in the water.

In the Seiankyou Commoners' Quarter, there is a pond at SE. But, you will need
to connect water to that pond then you can create a geyser to get to the house
that's high up in the sky. Check the back of this house for a box. Go in that
house and speak with Abeno. Speak with the guard near the SE pond to hear about
the Pickpocket Hayazou. As you can see, there are altars and torches around, go
connect fire to them or draw the Infinity Symbol to make fire. I don't think it
does anything if you do get all torches. But, do light up the altars. Anyway,
we can't catch Hayazou fight now so we will come back later.

In the Seiankyou Commoners' Quarter, bomb the cracked wall of the SW house. Get
in and jump around to get all boxes here. One of the boxes is a Sun Fragment;
Behind the west house, another box; At west, during night time, there is also a
light circle behind some house; At west, you can meet with Sakurako & Momotarou
at day time. But at night time, you can meet with Sanda. For Sakurako, buy the
Spice Mix Divine Powder from the Shop then hand it over to her. Now, circle and
revive all the trees within this Quarter, except the ones you can't revive. Go
to Oldman Hanasaka at NE. There is a tree on top of his head. Within his home,
one more tree. After, speak with Oldman Hanasaka and you are to assist him to
perform the Camellia Kagura. Chase after him and wait after he's done with some
gesture, circle the tree to revive it. The key is to follow him and when to do
the circle over the tree. The final tree is the one that's on top of his house.
After, go back to Sakurako and Square that Father. Don't forget to circle and
revive the trees in the Nobles' Quarter.

In the Seiankyou Commoners' Quarter, there are people by the pier. Create some
leaf on the water near them so they can get on. You can Wind them to a specific
spot: For the person at SW, Wind to an eastern pier; For the one at west, Wind
to the eastern pier that's just behind the Weapon Shop; For the one at NW, Wind
to the SE; For the one at east, Wind to the NW then go in the NW house.

In the Seiankyou Commoners' Quarter, right house at the northern part, that is
the Wildcat Cafe. Talk to Yamaneko within, hand over the Golden Mushroom that
you obtained in Takamiyadaira. Talk to him again and draw the Infinity Symbol.
You will obtain the Ougi of Crimson, Burst Flame. During night time, enter the
Wildcat Cafe. Speak with Masumi. Cut him and talk to him again to get the Kill
List. During night time at Ryoushima Plain, kill all these enemies that are on
the Kill List. After, back to Masumi to get the Gold Polishing Powder.

-----------

Once you are ready, exit back to the Ryoushima Plain. Take the other path from
the gate, and before the 2 guards, speak with them and you may pass, to get to
the Northern Ryoushima Plain.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Northern Ryoushima Plain
Go on to meet with Ushiwaka. Go on and by the bridge, there is a Mirror if you
need to save your game. Cross the bridge and there is a Merchant. Go north from
the Merchant, to meet with Urashima by the beach. Square him & go to that pier
at night time, then draw a sun in the sky to make it the day time. Now, you can
ride on Shachimaru and control it to go to the eastern island. Get off and go
up on that island. Save your game and go in to the Nekonari Tower.

Within, check around for 3 light circles and a box. This looks like a dead end,
but you can actually jump on the tower and hang on to the wall. Continue to go
jump up, on the way, there are cats where you can use the Fish Bait. Slowly go
make yourself up and look out for any stop with a box. Once you get up to the
top, there is a box and a pond. Anyway, take the stairs up. Look around for one
more box. At the very top, use Fish Bait to the cat. Dots at the spots, then go
a line from the cat statue to north/up. Repeat and go up for a Sun Fragment. Go
all the way down and check around for a cat statue. Above it is a Lost Jewel.
Now, if you go back all the way up to the tower, there is a new box showing up
and that's a Lost Jewel.

Back to the Northern Ryoushima Plain, head to the west. Use the cat statue to
go up. Toward that Man Of The Tenbou Cape. During night time, just make dots
at the sky to create stars. The Amanaru Gate will appear, head toward it and go
stand at that rock at the end. Go Wind in the sky from left to the right, keep
doing it for few more times. That whirl in the sea leads to the Dragon Palace.
But before you go there, few things to do:

-----------

~Sub Events
With Shachimaru, head to the nearest island. At night time, 2 light circles and
a box near the tree; The island north of Nekonari Tower, 2 light circles at the
night time; The island further north from the previous one, a box with fire and
a cracked ground. Under there, dead trees and light circles, as well as a Gold
Jousen. Put in 120000 Coins to get the Ougi of Shining Sphere, Style Two.

With Shachimaru, go to the northern island. A light circle at night time. There
is also a normal rock here, which you can just cut it down. Once you do so, you
can go down that hole. There are light circles and dead trees, as well as Gold
Jousen. Put in 60000 Coins to get the Ougi of Issen, Style Two. Get back up and
you can cut the other rock now to reveal a light circle.

At the island to SW, talk to the Fisherman there. If you do have the other Rod
that you can buy in Seiankyou, then he will take it and you can fish. Keep on
fishing till you get to the Marlin. Anyway, on this island, there are about 4
light circles at night time and a box; Near island got a light circle at night
time and a cracked ground where you need to Dig. If you jump in, it leads to a
boss fight which is also similar to the Yellow Spider. Beat it and you will get
a Sun Fragment; Next near island to NW, one light circle at night.

On the Northern Ryoushima Plain, north of the Mirror is the Seacat Cafe. Once
you got the Marlin, come to Seacat Cafe and speak with Umineko. Assist him by
drawing 3 lines. You will get the Ougi of Gale, Dragon Roll.

At the east of the plain, there is a pond with Yoichi from before. There is a
light circle nearby at night time. With Yoichi, as he shoots out the arrow, go
connect the water from the pond to his arrow. That will make a peach at a tree.
Go cut it down.

Also at the east of the plain, there is a Rajou Gate and a cat statue. The cat
statue leads to a cave which got 3 boxes.

At the W/SW of the plain, a light circle at night time near the debris. Another
light circle near the cat statue that leads up to the Tenbou Cape. Up to the
Tenbou Cape, light circle at night time as well.

Around north of the Mirror, there is a light circle at night and cut down one
more rock for another. At the Mirror, draw an 'X' and head to the Rocky Area of
this plain. It leads to 2 light circles and a box. Near the Merchant, there is
another light circle at the paved ground. North from the Merchant, another one
by the beach at night time. Near the east tree(after beating the Rajou Gate),
there is another light circle at night time and there is also a cracked ground
nearby. Dig and go down. It leads to dead tress, light circles and 3 boxes. If
you go check the water near the bridge and Merchant, there are few boxes in the
water. Also, check the beach for clams.

In the Seiankyou Commoners' Quarter, time to catch the Pickpocket Hayazou. You
might want to fire up the torches and altars at SE & this whole area. At night
time, cut some rock at SE. You will meet with Hayazou. He will make 2 splits &
the weaknesses are hint out within their thought bubbles. They will also have
numbers with them, so just go with that order. You will need to connect water,
fire or even just cut them. It will depend on the weakness the split got. Make
sure the time is always at night time so besure to draw a new/half moon when
you can. He will be stun at the end. Square him and pick up the item. With the
item, go to that Samurai that walks around near the entrance & the Mirror. For
the 2nd time, cut the rock that's just by the SE guard. Similar to last time,
but he's got 3 splits this time. Get the item at the end and take it to that
Momotarou that's at the west during day time. For the 3rd time, cut some rock
at SE again. I cut the same one as the first time. This time, he's got 4 splits
but it isn't too bad. Get the item at the end and go to the Wildcat Cafe. Hand
it over to the Man near the entrance. For the 4th time, same rock as the second
time for me. But, you can't do much yet. We will come back to this later.

Since you have the Issen Style Two and the Wall Feet, there are few things for
you to check out:
- Cat statue at north in Shinshuu Plain. This leads to 5 light circles, 2 Rajou
  Gates and 1 box
- Steel Rock near the bridge/wooden log in Agata Forest
- Mountain path near the entrance of Tsutamaki Ruins in Agata Forest. It's just
  beyond where the cracked wall was. The Cat statue leads to a light circle
- Steel Rock after the area where you fought with Ushiwaka in Takamiyadaira
- Cat statue in the middle of the lake near the Mirror in Ryoushima Plain. It
  leads to a box
- Steel Rock in the cave to the mother tree in Ryoushima Plain
- Steel Rock by the beach in Ryoushima Plain
- Cat statue at the back of the NW house in Seiankyou Nobles' Quarter. Gennai
  is at the top room

-----------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Dragon Palace
Within, go up for 3 clams and a Mirror. Save your game and go up to meet those
Guards. Go in. Go check the back of the stairs, bomb that cracked wall. It will
lead to light circles, dead trees and boxes. Now, go up the stairs. One room at
each side, one leads to a box and the other leads to a Shop. Take the lift that
is in the middle. Go up to speak with Princess Oto.

Speak with her few times to get the Shell Charm. Go back down the lift and the
stairs, you can now go through either path. Go to the east of the Map. There're
few clams, a light circle just a bit high up, a cracked ground and a broken red
pillar. For the broken red pillar, you can revive it like any broken bridge. It
leads to a box with a Lost Jewel. As for the cracked ground, dig through it and
another MiniGame. You will have to go all the way up to get that person then go
all the way down with that person. In the end, speak with that person & time to
draw. Make a whirl from the left to the right, from the outside to the inside.
You will get the Ougi of Riverside, Water Flying.

Now, time to go to the west of the Map. Don't jump in yet, check the nearby for
2 clams and 1 more clam at a slightly higher ground. Jump in.

Within the Water Dragon, there are clams around and for some, you need to dig
them up. Move on and lots of platform you can jump on. There are clams around &
besure to go get the Arrow which requires you to jump down. After that, move on
and by the area with the Mirror, there is a clam and a Geyser around. For that
geyser, it leads to a box. Anyway, go on to the Demon Lock. Take the near path
and to the place with all the red blood and acid. There is also a piece of meat
with red drop coming down. Connect the red blood/acid that's on a platform to
that meat. Repeat till you destroy it. Draw a leaf on the water and Wind it to
get back. Use the red blood/acid water to damage that core. That will get you
the Dragon Jade. You will fight lots of Tube Foxes. Defeat them and get the Fox
Tubes. After that, escape out within 3 minutes.

Back in the Dragon Palace, go back to speak with Princess Oto. Go to Ryoushima
Plain, and to the Ankoku Temple. Go after Tsudzurao. Do not worry about that
fake wall, you can go through it. Jump into the well. Go on and you will end up
in the Seiankyou Nobles' Quarter. Go up to meet with Himiko and besure to save
your game before getting to her. Time for a boss battle.

Boss: 99-Tail In Disguise
Keep running around to avoid her attacks. If you got a Mirror as the Back, then
you can press Triangle to shield. Charge up with a Sword and attack her from
time to time. This is quite an easy fight overall.

After, go to the Northern Ryoushima Plain. Go up to the NW cape/Tenbou Cape. Go
toward the rock at the end to meet with Princess Oto. After, go on all the way
to the Oni Island.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Oni Island
Go on and a magma spring. Treat it as any water pond and create a geyser. The
trick is to equip the Fire Avoiding Stone Tablet. Next, a big magma area but
there are rocks for you to stand on. Swim through with the Fire Avoiding Stone
Tablet. Each side leads to a bud where you can Ivy yourself to a box. Get both
boxes if you wish. Also, you can make a geyser at each side. Pick a side and go
up with a geyser. Get to the gate for a fight with Red Oni and Blue Oni. Attack
their backs to damage them.

After, go in and there is a Merchant. Save your game at the Mirror. There is a
Demon Lock to the right and the Arrow is to the left. Pick up the Arrow and go
destroy the Demon Lock. Go on and by the stairs, get the box at the other side.
Go on to meet Hayatobimaru.

First up, step on that switch by Hayatobimaru then go through the nearby door.
Next, step on the switch and carefully jump through to the door. At the back of
the stairs, there is a box. Go on up and there is a cat statue. Continue on and
Hayatobimaru again. Jump through toward the door. Further, make this fast and
jump through toward the door. A box at the end. More with Hayatobimaru, just go
speed up and through openings between the wheels. Another box after. For the
next one, quickly finish off the enemies then go through the door. There's one
more box after.

Next up, a room with lasers. Carefully go through and look for any switch and
box. After, go on for a fight then a Mirror after. Next, a Demon Lock and that
Hayatobimaru again. Speed up and jump through, bomb the cracked wall at the end
to get to the roof. Use the cat statue to the right to get to the Hama Arrow.
With the Arrow, back to the Demon Lock. There is a box on the way. Go through
the door at the end and get near that statue. Draw an arrow for the bow. Next,
dots at spots and connect the lightning from the sky to the pole near the door.
Move on and connect lightning to a pole again. Now, speed up and go through as
it spins. A light circle at the end then go through the door.

Use the lightning at the ceiling to open that box, then bomb the cracked floor
to move on. Go through the scroll and pick up the item. Now, go take the other
path and jump up. At the end, connect the lightning from that item to the pole
by the door. Further, there are 3 doors. Not really confusing, but you can get
lots of boxes here. Go through all of them if you wish. At the end, you'll need
to bomb a cracked wall. You will be back to the early area. Use the lightning
to open the near door for a box. Go back to the area with the Merchant and the
Mirror. Get near that altar to insert the key. Use the lightning from the key 
to open the 2 boxes. Move on for 2 more boxes. Now, connect the lightning from
the ceiling to the sword of that statue. Go on and the alarm will go out. Cut
all 5 eyes to set it off.

Next, go on to the left and connect the lightning to the pole. Move up and use
the cat statue to get up further. At the end, if some fence is blocking you, go
cut it off. At the end, pick up the key. Above the key, Ivy yourself up and it
leads to a box. From where you get the key, you can also jump up to the left &
it leads to another box. With the key, head right from the cat statue. Insert
the key and move up. At the circular lift, use the openings to jump up.

Next area, save your game at the Mirror. Nearby is the key and a box. As for
the Laser Samurai here, lightning them. Get up to the 2nd floor and jump up to
the end. Drop the key with Triangle then get the box and pick up the Hama Arrow
that's nearby. Bomb the cracked wall behind the scroll. You will be just by the
Demon Lock, so use the Arrow. Go on and it's Hayatobimaru again. Speed up and
use the 2 lines to slow down the spider, and watch out for the traps. Move on
to fight the Blue Oni and Red Oni again. Same as before, attack their backs.

After, go on and use the cat statue to get up. Check the two sides, each got a
box and a box got a spider near. Go on and a stone wall. Square it and remember
the weak points. After, dots on the weak points. Next, Hayatobimaru yet again.
Bomb the cracked wall first, then press the switch to race him. Now, Ivy to the
bud and you will be just by the door. Go through the door and move on after. Do
save your game at the Mirror. Go up, make dots at spots and a boss fight.

Boss: 9-Tail
Circle around it to avoid attacks. First goal is to burn out those tails. You
can connect fire from the torches or draw the Infinity Symbol. Make sure you do
the drawing fast since 9-Tail CAN draw as well. Once you got those tails, the
sword will be exposed. Connect Lightning to it and it will split up. Now, take
them out fast. I will recommend some items here, the Charm Of Revenge and the
Hama Charm. Once it's down to one tail, equip the Chigaeshi Jade as the Back.
That way, you can shoot with Triangle. Continue to shoot it and when the sword
is exposed, Lightning it. Just watch out when it rushes.

After, you will get the Divine Weapon, Kusanagi Sword. The game will prompt you
to save your game. Do so and afterward, don't forget to power up Kusanagi Sword
with a Gold Polishing Powder.

Now, to the Shinshuu Plain. To the northern part with the cat statue. Go on to
a structure. Connect Lightning to the sword. You can go in from the back to get
to Kamui. Before heading to Kamui, few things you can do:

-----------

~Sub Events
In the Shinshuu Plain, you can race with Idaten one more time. Win him to get
the Mechanical Gear. Go to the cat statue at the back of the NW house in the
Seiankyou Nobles' Quarter. Get to the top and talk to Gennai. Give him the Gear
and talk to him again. Look at the board, see those 4 gears? In between, there
are lines which make the Thunder Symbol. Draw the Thunder Symbol and you will
get the Ougi of Thunderclap, Lightning. Use Lightning at the near box, it is a
Lost Jewel.

At the most north of Seiankyou Nobles' Quarter(which is behind Himiko's Shrine)
where you can find a pond and 4 stone poles nearby. Connect the water to those
4 stone poles. You will get the Ougi of Riverside, Welcome Rain. Go to the west
of the Seiankyou Commoners' Quarter. Speak with Sazanka and make a dot nearby
to make a tree, then make 2 lines to make the Welcome Rain. Speak with Tsubaki
at the end to get a Lost Jewel.

In the Seiankyou Commoners' Quarter, time to more on the Pickpocket Hayazou. Go
cut some rock at SE and this time, he will make 5 splits. Same as before, but
if you need Lightning, then use Sanda which is to the W of Commoners' Quarter.
With the item at the end, use the geyser at SE to get back up to the house high
up in the air. Speak with Abeno and you will get a Lost Jewel at the end if you
talk to him again.

In the Ryoushima Plain, you can race with Hayate one more time. Win him and you
will get a Lost Jewel.

Go to Treasure Emperor in the Seiankyou Nobles' Quarter. He now offers one new
Divine Accessory, Drainage Stone Tablet which requires 100 Demon Fangs. Go back
to the Station. Equip the Drainage Stone Tablet and jump down to the water. You
can walk and run on the water, so go against the current. You will get to one
small island at the end with a dead tree and 2 light circles at night time. One
of them is a Lost Jewel.

In the Dragon Palace, take the lift to get back to Prince Oto and talk to her
few times to get a Lost Jewel. Go back down to Floor 1, go to the west of the
Map. This was the entrance to the Water Dragon. Circle it till you purify it.
This will reveal the box that contains the Treasure Box.

With the Treasure Box, to the Northern Ryoushima Plain. Speak with Urashima few
time and hand over the Treasure Box. He will turn back to Oldman Urashima and
you will get a Lost Jewel.

In the Northern Ryoushima Plain, get on Shachimaru and to the middle island at
the west. Go down and there should be Rajou Gate. This is like the one in the
Ryoushima Plain from before, you need to keep fighting Rajou Gates here without
going back up. After going through about lots of them consecutively, you'll get
the box with a Lost Jewel. However, this is real hard if you don't have enough
healing items.

-----------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Kamui
Go on and a fight near the house. Go in the house & exit out to fight Okikurmi.
After, go on to see that Yoichi again. As he shoots out the arrow, go connect
Lightning to his arrow then circle the tree. Kamui will be back to normal. If
you go all the way to north of the Map, you will be in Uepeker. But, before you
go there, few things to do:

-----------

~Sub Events
At SE, 2 light circles at night time. That Kokari and Umetarou are also around.
You can play the Fishing MiniGame if you wish. As for that ice box, just melt
it with fire. There is also the Doujou nearby if you want to learn new skills.

Near the middle of the Map, a steel rock with a light circle, a Merchant nearby
and a frozen lake. In the middle of the frozen lake, a light circle & a cracked
ground where you can dig through. It leads to dead trees, light circles and one
of those walls. Square it and dots at the spots. This can be real hard though.
It leads to an Antique, Gold Polishing Powder and a Lost Jewel.

Near the mother tree, there is a bud in the air so you can Ivy yourself up. Go
get that light circle at night time and there is also a cracked wall. Bomb the
wall and go make 2 bombs at the next cracked ground. It leads to dead trees and
more light circles, as well as a Gold Jousen. Put in 300000 Coins to obtain the
Ougi of Shining Sphere, Style Three.

Near the Merchant, there is a Rajou Gate. Defeat it and the pond will appear.
Near the pond, there are 2 light circles but it's somewhat hard to see. Go on &
near the bridge, there is another Rajou Gate. There is also a house nearby and
speak with O Uware Iw Ne Kur within to get the Demon Book. At night time, move
around Kamui and defeat all the enemies on the list. Back to O Uware Iw Ne Kur
to get a Gold Polishing Powder.

Not too far from O Uware Iw Ne Kur's House, there is a cave which leads to lots
of boxes. Near the bridge, there is a steel rock with another light circle. Go
check nearby for 2 more light circles at night time. Look around here and you
can see there are some ice platform you can jump onto for more box.

Go on to the north and from the main road, jump off to the side to find a light
circle, a box and a cracked wall. After the cracked wall, a cracked ground and
it leads to another fight that's similar to the Yellow Spider. Beat it to get a
Sun Fragment.

In Shinshuu Plain, back to Tamaya's House. Show him the Style Two/2 Bombs and
the Style Three/3 Bombs. He will give you a Lost Jewel at the end.

-----------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Uepeker
Go up to the north till you meet with Samaykur. After, attempt to exit out the
village to meet with Kaipoku. Speak with her again & repeat for few more times.
Exit out and get back to Samaykur. Go enter the house to meet with Kemushir. Do
Square him and speak with him few times. Exit out & you can take the near path
to the Ezo Fuji Mountain Base. Before that, few things to do:

-----------

~Sub Events
At the entrance area with the Mirror, a light circle at the middle and more of
them by nearby houses. There is also a Merchant around. You can buy 2 more Gold
Polishing Powder and the Makarugaeshi Jade. Besure to power that up. You can
also speak with Kaipoku near the entrance.

There are 2 paths to go up from the entrance area. One leads to 2 light circles
at night time then take the one near the Merchant. Don't go on up yet, take the
other narrow path to a house, a light circle and a box.

Now go on up and on the way, enter a snow playground. There are boxes around so
use fire to melt them. There is also a light circle at night time. Near that
kid, there is a snowball. Roll it around the snow pieces you see. Once it's big
enough, roll it back to the kid.

Go on up and another light circle near a house. Check the back of the house for
another one. If you jump down nearby by, you will see another box under that
small bridge. It's another Sun Fragment.

At the top house, nearby is another light circle at night time.

Go into the Ezo Fuji Mountain Base then come back to Uepeker. Make an X at the
Mirror and you can teleport to the Rocky Area of Ezo Fuji Mountain Base. This
leads to 3 boxes.

-----------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Kamui (Ezo Fuji Mountain Base)
Go on and to a house by the gate to meet with Tuskur. Speak with her few times
to get the Sewapororo. Now, to move on, you are to get back to Kamui then head
toward the NE of the Map which leads to Yoshipetai. But before that, few things
you can do:

-----------

~Sub Events
There is a box at the entrance of the Ezo Fuji Mountain Base. Around the east
of the Map, look up the sky for few buds. They lead to ice & fire box, as well
another light circle.

Near the gate and the house, more flower bud. Jump down to 3 light circles at
night time. Look up for more flower bud. Get up and jump to another box which
contains a Sun Fragment. Go on to 2 more light circles.

Go to the west of the Map which is the trail to the house and the gate. Well,
while you are on the trail and around the west of the Map, look down and you
should see some rock you can jump onto. Cut the Steel Rock to go down. It leads
to more dead trees, light circles and a Gold Jousen. Put in 360000 Coins & you
will get the Ougi of Issen, Style Three. Get back up and cut the Diamond Rock
that's near for a light circle.

Since you have the Issen Style Three now, let's get back to few Diamond Rocks:
- In Agata Forest, by the Mirror and Bokusen's House
- In Ryoushima Plain, just by the gate to Northern Ryoushima Plain
- In Northern Ryoushima Plain, get on Shachimaru and to the eastern island
- In Kamui, the cave at north part of the Map

-----------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Yoshipetai
Go on to meet with Ushiwaka. Go on after to meet with Kaipoku. Follow her and
don't worry about anything right now. Continue on to follow her to go through
few maps. At the end, you will be by Pon Kotan.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Pon Kotan
Check the tree at the middle. Go to the inside. Go up to the big mushroom and
to the east of the Map. Miyabi is in the near house. Talk to her few times and
go to the house at northern part of the Map. If the guards won't let you in, go
draw 2 lines to slow them then go in to meet with Issak. Talk to him few times
and go exit out the village. Afterward, you may go north to the Island. But you
can do few things before that:

-----------

~Sub Events
Take some time to go through the 3 Maps of Yoshipetai. Most boxes are pretty
obvious on the field. At the end of each map, there is an arrow sign that shows
the correct path. If you take the opposite paths, they lead to boxes. For the
3rd map, you will need to dig the box up at the end of the opposite path.

By Pon Kotan, just 2 dead trees. Within Pon Kotan, about NE of the Mirror, spot
the flower bud and Ivy yourself to there to a box. A bit north of the Mirror,
look up for another flower bud. Ivy up to a box that contains a Lost Jewel. Do
look around for another flower bud around. Ivy there & check around for a box.
Jump to go up and on the way, look for a house in house with a bud. Ivy there
and go in to meet with Granny Ikkan. But, you need 99999 Coins to make a Seal.
Forget it for now.

At east, there are a box and a light circle. Go around up the east house and go
jump on the big mushroom for a light circle.

Go to the northern part. Check around for flower buds and Ivy yourself through
to get to few boxes. You will end up at the western part. Around the NW, there
are few boxes and the Item Shop. Within the Item Shop, you can buy the Yatsuka
Sword. Besure to power it up with some Gold Polishing Powder.

-----------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Yoshipetai Inland
It's similar to the last time. You still have a time limit here and boxes lay
out on the field. First area, all the boxes are obvious. At the end, besure to
take the opposite path from the arrow sign to another box. Second area, nothing
tricky here and at the end, take the opposite path from the arrow sign to one
more box. Third area, go on to an area where you will need to jump and hang on
to the wall. Pick the right side because it's got a box on the way. At the end,
take the opposite path from the arrow sign. Dig up that box at the end. It is a
Sun Fragment. As for the last area, save your game and toward the door.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Kamiki Village (Hundred Years Ago)
Go up to meet with Syakuya. If you go on and go back without going through the
gate, you can meet with some sisters. Moving on, if you go up to the altar, you
can circle few dead trees and an oldman at the end.

Move on to the village & circle the dead trees on the way. Within the village,
check with the villagers if you wish. You can dig up those radishes & by that
river, jump on to some trail for a light circle. Check the back of the first
house then dig up that box.

Now look into the river for about 3 boxes. At NE part of the Map, those 2 small
islands. There are a light circle and a box where you need to dig. By the exit
of the town, there is a Merchant. You can buy the Hetsu Mirror and besure to do
a power up on it.

Anyway, toward the man that's sleeping on the floor. Square him & you will end
up fighting Izanagi. Use a Sword to attack and a Mirror to shield yourself. By
the waterfall, Izanami is taking a shower. WALK and pick up the costume. Now,
go back to Izanagi. When you are dragging him on the back, head out to Shinshuu
Plain.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Shinshuu Plain (Hundred Years Ago)
Dead trees on the way. Go on for a quick fight. Time to explore around first.
For the place with the 4 stone poles, a light circle in the middle. Not too far
from here, a Steel Rock. Nearby, a gate and go through it for a box. From the
gate, check nearby main road for another light circle.

Go on up for another Steel Rock on the way. A box and a pond near. Further from
the pond, another light circle. Go on and another light circle. Further, there
is one more Steel Rock and a light circle not too far away.

Time to go down and as for the 2 sides, the left got a light circle and for the
right, 2 dead trees and a box. Go to the shrine once you are ready.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Izayoi Shrine (Hundred Years Ago)
Go on and save your game at the Mirror. One more fight on the way then go into
the shrine. Within, go on up and get the wine. At the end, a boss fight.

Boss: True Yamata No Orochi
Rather similar to the last fight. Pick about 3 heads to start this and I prefer
Fire, Poison and Wind. Start with Fire, Poison or Wind, up to you. If they make
an attack, cancel it by creating Wind. When they scream, connect the wine just
in front to the mouth of that head. Repeat till you stun them. Now, you can go
climb up to that bell and attack it till you take it out. Once you take out the
bell, it's easier now since they are weaker. Now, stun each head and attack to
take each head out.

After, draw a new/half moon in the sky & assist Izanagi to take out each head.
At the end, you will get the Divine Weapon, Ama No Murakumo Sword. Besure to go
power the sword up if you have some Gold Polishing Powder.

Now, go back all the way to the Ezo Fuji Mountain Base. Head up toward the gate
and go in.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Irwak Shrine
Head up and there will be canons firing at you. Use the 2 lines to slow them
down and avoid the bullets. If you cut the bullets back to them, that will get
you 2 boxes if you take out both. Go on to a Demon Lock. Take the near path and
melt the ice. Go on to the next room. Melt the 2 ice on the scales. For the big
bonsai here, cut it to turn it to a small one. Now, you have 3 small ones. Get
the 3 bonsai to the right side of the scales. Now, pick a bonsai and circle it
to turn it to a big bonsai.

Now, use the Wind to move the ice ball to the switch. Go get the Hama Arrow and
there is also a box near. Go back to the Demon Lock and melt the ice. Create a
geyser to go up. Go around and look up to see a cat statue. Use it to get up.
Move and don't worry about the wheel first. Check the other side and take out
the canon. Draw 2 lines to slow down the wheel then cross. Go on for more wheel
and canon. Step on the switch at the end. If you drop down from the 1st wheel,
it actually leads to a box and a cracked wall. Anyway, go on & save your game.

Go in the near room with the gears. Draw 2 lines to slow them down then you can
cross. If you look up the gears, you can actually jump up to a box. Go on and
melt the ice box. Further, a light circle. Slow down the spiders to move on. Go
jump down for a fight then bomb a cracked wall. Create some Wind to clear out
the leaves to see the whole picture. Back track and go melt the left lever of
the mechanism. Now, here is how it works: The eye of each needs to be at the
specific direction. Most Left one faces up, middle faces right & the right most
faces the left. Since they spin so far, draw 2 lines to slow them down and when
you get the timing right, cut the lever to stop each one.

After, dots at spots and this is the last brush. You will also get the Divine
Weapon, Yata Mirror. Power it up if you have any Gold Polishing Powder. For the
testing, connect ice to the fire on the spider. For the Ougi of Snow Storm, go
make an 'X' then a line in between the 'X', either vertically or horizontally.

Back track to those 3 spiders. For the middle one, Ice it while it's in air. Do
jump up and this leads to a box that contains a Lost Jewel. Go back to the area
with the Mirror and a spider. Use it to get up and repeat for the next one. It
gets you to a box that contains a Lost Jewel. Next, melt the ice to reveal the
flower bud. Ivy across and use the cat statue to get up. Now ice the spiders to
get up. Go through the door at the end to a gear room. Slow them down and get
across. On the way, there is a box with the Irwak Shrine Map. Go on & melt the
ice by the door.

Jump through the wheels and for the fire wheel, slow it down then ice it. Move
on and to get to the other side, connect the ice from the other side to you, so
make a straight line. Go on and repeat. There is also a light circle. Go on and
pass the trees, to a fire room. Use Wind to blow the fire away, then slow down
and cut to take out the canon.

Next, ice glasses, icicle in air and a canon. Cut the icicle to get them down
first. Slow down and move across. Besure to cut the bullet back to take out the
canon. Go on and melt the ice boxes. Save your game. Time for a boss fight.

Boss: Kotanechik
Pretty each fight since you have a helper here. Deflect his attacks back and
when he's stun, go attack him.

After, pick up the item and talk to Okikurmi. Go save your game and take that
door near the spider. Use the 4 canons to fire at the other side. Connect ice
from the other ice and cross. Slow down and deflect the bullet back. Once that
seal is gone, you can safely across. There is a light circle nearby. Melt those
snow at the left to reveal the snow sphere. Wind it to the inside. Connect the
ice from the snow sphere to freeze the gears. Get to one side to spot a cracked
floor. Bomb it and pick up the Hama Arrow. Get to the other side to destroy the
Demon Lock. There are 2 ice boxes, a Merchant and a Mirror. Go toward Okikurmi
for a boss fight.

Boss: Twin Devils
Okikurmi will be the helper in this fight. Mostly avoid their attacks and any-
thing you can deflect back, do deflect them. Once they are stun, go attack. If
one becomes gray, you can use cut/Issen. If one spins around, keep using R2 to
avoid. If they have flower bud, then you can circle them for some healings. If
one got the sword out, connect Lightning to the sword. If this is too fast for
you, slow down the battle by drawing 2 lines. If one is stun, and when you are
close to Okikurmi, you can press Triangle for an arrow attack. Once one is down
on the floor, give it your best attacks. If there is a bomb out, connect fire
to it to set it off. This can also stun the enemy.

After, you will get a Sun Fragment. The game will prompt you to save the game,
do so. At Ezo Fuji Mountain Base, save your game. Before you go up to the Ark,
here are the last few things to do:

-----------

~Sub Events
In the Seiankyou Commoners' Quarter, the Weapon Shop offers the Yasakani Jade.

In Shinshuu Plain, speak with the Nameless Man. Finally, he gives you the last
item. Take it to where the Izayoi Shrine was. There is a statue there. Back to
the Nameless Man for a Lost Jewel.

In the Kazejin Palace, from the first pond area, go right to Fuse and the Dogs.
You will fight these Dogs, the Kusanagi Five. Beat them for a Lost Jewel.

In Pon Kotan, to the northern house. Speak with Issak for a Lost Jewel.

In Yoshipetai, speak with Kaipoku by the entrance and you have race her. Win
her to get a Lost Jewel.

In Kamui, northern part of the Map, jump down and through a cracked wall to a
cracked floor with a spider boss. Go back there and there should be Rajou Gate
within. Like the ones before, continue to clear them out without going up. You
will get a Lost Jewel at the end.

MAKE SURE you did everything you wish to do before going to the Ark Yamato. You
won't be able to return once you are in Ark Yamato.

-----------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Ark Yamato
Nearby, there is the Merchant Malko. You can buy Weapon/Item and Trade in Demon
Fangs for other stuff. He offers the last 2 Gold Polishing Powder in the game.
Anyway, there are 5 paths and a Mirror. Each path leads to a boss from before,
so you have to fight them all. Once you took all 5 of them out, save your game
and head to the central altar for the final battles.

Final Boss: King Of Everlasting Darkness
You don't have any brush to begin with. Keep attacking it to get the Picture
Dragon brush back. Go on to get Issen/One Flash back. Issen it when it's stun.
Repeat and get the Cherry Blossom brush back. Circle it & reduce all its life.
It will be on fire. Avoid and then attack it when it's got no fire. You will
get the Shining Sphere brush back. Bomb it and keep on reducing its life. You
will get back the Riverside brush back. When it's on fire, connect water to it
to stun it. Bomb and reduce more life. You will get the Moonlight brush back.
Draw a new/half moon in the sky then reduce all its life.

It will turn to a slot machine. Use Issen to stop each one. Get the same sphere
ones for all & you will get back the Gale brush. Use it to blow away the fire.
Do Issen to get the same sphere ones again to get back the Crimson brush. Go
connect fire around to melt the ice. Issen to get the same sphere ones again to
get Misty Stealth brush back. Now, you can slow down the slot machine. Issen to
get the same sphere ones yet again and reduce its life. When it's got the feet
and arms, attack the core and you will get back the Wall Feet. As you can see,
there are 2 poles you can jump on to get to boxes. Keep on attacking to get the
Thunderclap brush back. When it's got the 2 swords up, connect Lightning to the
swords. Go on and keep attacking to get back the Snow Storm brush. Go on and
reduce all its life to end this battle.

Second part, draw a sun in the sky. Attack the core and when the hand gets the
core back, go on and try to attack the core in the hand. If it uses laser from
high above, you can Issen the top to stop it. If it's grey, then you can Issen
it as well. Repeat till you beat it.

That's it, you have beaten the game. Sit back and enjoy the ending.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

~Clear Bonus
At the end, you will get the results:

- Play Time
- # Of Days Passed
- # Of Times You Saved
- # Of Deaths
- # Of Demons Hunted
- Amount Of Money Acquired
- # Of Demon Fangs Acquired
- # Of Sachidama/Fortune Jades Acquired

As for what you can unlock, here's the list:

- Gift From Issun, Clear The Game Once
  - The Ookami Tradition Scrolls
  - The Ookami Music
  - The Footage Box

- Art Of Body Change 1, Clear The Game Once
  - Dog Of Virtue

- Art Of Body Change 2, Clear The Game Once
  - Dog Of Wisdom

- Art Of Body Change 3, 'God' Rating For # Of Deaths
  - Powerless Amaterasu

- Art Of Body Change 4, 'God' Rating For # Of Demons Hunted
  - Dog Of Faith

- Art Of Body Change 5, 'God' Rating For Amount Of Money Acquired
  - Dog Of Courtesy

- Art Of Body Change 6, 'God' Rating For # Of Demon Fangs Acquired
  - Dog Of Brotherhood

- Art Of Body Change 7, 'God' Rating For # Of Sachidama/Fortune Jades Acquired
  - Shiranui

- Art Of Body Change 8, 'God' Rating For # Of Sachidama/Fortune Jades Acquired
  - Shiranui Statue

- Art Of Body Change 9, 'God' Rating For # Of Sachidama/Fortune Jades Acquired
  - Presentation Amaterasu

- Art Of Body Return, Clear The Game Once
  - Amaterasu

- Lost Jewel, Clear The Game Once
  - 100th/Last Lost Jewel

- Vainglorious Rosary, Obtain All/100 Lost Jewels
  - Infinite Vessel/Life, Ink Gourd and Tenfold Attack Power

- In-House Presentation A, Above 31 Hours Play Time
  - Footage In The Footage Box/Gift From Issun

- In-House Presentation B, Above 31 Hours Play Time
  - Footage In The Footage Box/Gift From Issun

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<Credits>

- Me
- CJayC
- Clover Studio
- Capcom

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<Legal Words>

This document is copyrighted by Ken Zhao/Kouli. All Rights Reserved. It is for
private and personal use only. It can not be reprinted, reproduced in parts or
in its entirety in any form or shape. Since it is intended to be free, you can
not sell it, you can not give it away as prize, bonus or promotion. It can not
be used for profitable, commercial or promotional purposes. Further, this FAQ
can not be altered, referenced or distributed by any individual, web site,
organization, group, company, magazine, strategy guide author without my
absolute permission. This is protected by International Copyright Law, break
or violate any of these rules may resulted in severe civil and criminal
penalties.

Lastly, this document along with my other ones CAN NEVER EVER be posted on this
site: www.cheatcc.com

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<Help Stop FAQ Theft>

Check Out Michael Sarich's FAQ Theft Guide:

http://boards.gamefaqs.com/gfaqs/genmessage.php?board=2000094&topic=20885654

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------